[theme music]
But why is it so hard for you?
'Cause you know…
uh, I really like you a lot.
So I want to know…
who you were before I met you.
It's something I need.
I've been dreaming of the day…
you and I become family.
Well, are you gonna say anything?
I'm sorry.
[somber music]
When I look at you know,
it's like it's someone else.
I just don't understand.
Why are you turning into a stranger?
I don't know who you are anymore.
And it scares me.
[Hye-jin sighs]
Me too.
[exhales deeply]
[sucks teeth]
I don't know what to do.
["Wish" by Choi Yu Ree playing]
[door opens]
["Wish" by Choi Yu Ree fades]
[Hwa-jeong] Dr. Yoon!
I was just on my way
to your place, how lucky.
What brings you out?
[sobs]
Dr. Yoon, are you crying?
What's wrong? Did something happen?
I just realized I forgot to pay rent.
That's it? Oh, don't worry.
This is embarrassing.
I'll make sure to send the money now.
You don't think
I'm an evil landlady, do you?
Dr. Yoon, it's all good.
I promise that it's fine.
[sobs]
[dramatic music]
[Hye-jin] I must be losing it.
I just can't stop crying.
[Hye-jin sobbing]
Have you eaten? Want some food?
Mm-mm.
[sniffles, sobs]
EPISODE 14
-Dr. Yoon. Here.
-[Hye-jin] Oh, right.
[chuckles]
Sea urchin seaweed soup.
I made it for Yun-gyeong,
but you get some too.
Isn't this what you had
on your first day in Gongjin?
It was delicious that first day.
It will be delicious today too.
Thank you for this.
Oh, this is nothing.
Giving birth is sure exhausting. Ooh.
I'm sure it was no easy task
delivering the baby.
Go ahead, dig in now.
Okay.
Now, that's good.
[chuckles]
Come to think of it, haven't you been here
for about four or is it five months now?
-Yeah.
-Things change fast for you
and friendships can take off.
Who could've guessed that you'd come out
and open your dental clinic
or date Chief Hong.
So…
How are you two these days,
you and Du-sik?
Not to pry, it's really okay.
I just thought
maybe I can help in some way.
I'm not Nam-suk, gossiping with everyone.
I can keep my mouth shut, you know.
Ms. Yeo.
Do you know…
about his job before?
Why he had to leave it so suddenly?
Ah, that's something I don't know why.
And I guess that really
no one in town does.
That's why there are
so many rumors about it.
After he went away to school,
started his time in the military,
he didn't have time to check in.
But then…
[clicks tongue]
…he seemed different when he came home.
[mellow music]
[Hwa-jeong] He was a wreck.
He was a shell of a man we used to know.
I guess you can say
part of him seemed missing.
Like someone who'd been forced
to leave everything behind.
So no one could ask him.
We just all assumed
that he'd gone through something.
I guess he hadn't opened up
to you about it either then?
No.
He hasn't told me anything.
And I don't think he will.
Give him time and you'll be surprised.
Chief Hong, I'll say…
he's never seemed
so happy as he is when he's with you.
-Is that so?
-Absolutely.
Dr. Yoon, you'll find that things
that are easy for one
are giant challenge
or struggle for others.
Ever since he was a kid, he was so mature.
He learned it was best to hold it all in.
He doesn't know that he can open up.
For a long time, he didn't have someone
to share everything with,
but then you came along.
I believe that you can be his rock,
someone to share his heart with.
Going through both marriage and divorce,
I've learned quite a bit.
[chuckles]
I regret being so impatient.
I wish I'd told him
what I was really feeling much more.
[mellow music]
[sighs]
MS. DENTIST
[line ringing]
[exhales deeply]
[phone beeps]
[phone buzzing]
Uh, hello?
[fisherman] Chief Hong, where are you?
You said you'd come and help out today.
Uh, yeah, I did, um…
My bad. I'll be right over.
Yeah.
[phone beeps]
[car approaching]
[soft music]
[birds squawking]
Seon-a.
-Ha-rang!
-Uncle!
[grunts, chuckles]
-How long has it been?
-You've been well?
Ha-rang's gotten so big.
He couldn't wait to see you, you know.
[laughter]
-[Seong-hyeon] Ha-rang.
-[Ha-rang] Yeah?
Yeah? Yeah?
-It's good, isn't it, Ha-rang?
-[chuckles softly]
[Seong-hyeon] How's Auntie doing?
Mmm. She's a lot.
When she found out we were visiting you,
she said she wanted a DOS's autographs.
She definitely doesn't really know
who they are.
How was your drive? Was the traffic good?
Ah, it wasn't bad, you know.
But driving a long way
with this one was a little tricky.
Ooh, someone really
didn't wanna sit in his car seat.
-I know he's my kid, but wow.
-[chuckles]
Seon-a, you have to let him do
whatever he wants.
You don't stand a chance.
He's too cute, it's bad.
Really? Maybe you should do
a babysitting show next.
With 15 cute kids
you can't say no to, huh?
I take it back. I bow down
to the all-knowing mama.
Better. Actually, I need you to apologize
for something else.
Why weren't you at my wedding?
Are you joking? That was years ago.
I was an assistant director,
we were hundreds of miles away,
shooting nights to meet our deadline.
You chose your career
over my wedding, so thanks to me,
you made it to where you are now.
So I made you successful,
don't forget that.
Wow. Who would have thought
time would make you so conceited.
What? You need something from me?
Clearly. And only you can save us.
[laughs]
I wasn't sure you'd really come.
But it's a great surprise.
I've been meaning for a while
to come to Gongjin.
I've heard a lot about this place.
Really? Who from?
Someone I knew. He grew up here.
Really? Small world, I guess.
Anyway, what do you think?
It's like he said.
Lovely.
[Seong-hyeon sighs deeply]
Is it good? Take your time.
[chuckles]
[exhales deeply]
[sighs]
What time is it?
[breathes deeply]
[Hwa-jeong] Ms. Yoon, I didn't wanna
wake you up when I left. Enjoy your sleep.
MISSED CALL: CHIEF HONG
CHIEF HONG
[phone chimes]
[line rings]
-[phone rings]
-[birds squawking]
Hello? Hye-jin?
[Hye-jin] I saw that you called.
Oh.
[sighs]
I just should have stopped you
before you left.
I wanted to talk to you. Where are you?
I'll be right there.
No, thanks. That's a bad idea.
Huh?
It wouldn't help anything.
I know how it'd go.
You'd just say you're sorry again.
Like what you just did.
I think we need…
a little space and some time apart, okay?
Not like what other people do,
like a break before a breakup.
Trust me. I don't want us to be done.
I don't get it.
It just seems like you have
some things to work out,
so that maybe you can stop
feeling guilty every day.
Then you can finally tell me
everything that's happened.
You can't keep being like it's been.
We'll take our time to figure it out.
We'll go slow and do it our way.
We have to decide together…
what happens after this.
I mean, that's fair. Right?
Yeah.
I'll hang up.
[mellow music]
[sighs]
YOON DENTAL CLINIC
[Hye-jin sighs]
[Mi-seon] Oh, what'd you got there?
I thought you'd look
pretty, cute, and lovely in this,
so I got it for you.
-Is it clothing?
-Yeah.
You didn't have to do that. I have lots
of clothes already. I'm sure you know.
Take a look. It'd be perfect on you, so…
All right.
Anyway, I should get going.
I just want to stop and say hello.
Thank you for the gift.
I'll try it on as soon as I get off work.
Okay.
I'll give you a call then.
[giggles]
[door closes]
Good for you, Mi-seon.
Honeymoon phase.
What now?
Don't tell me you're already
having issues, hm?
Is it still weird between you two?
If I had to guess, it's gonna get take
some time before things get better, huh.
-[Mi-seon] Well?
-[door opens]
[Mi-seon gasps]
Hello.
Gosh, Ms. Yu.
-Hello.
-[Hye-jin] Hello.
As you can see, your wisdom tooth
is impacted close to your jaw.
Wisdom tooth?
Oh. I never thought I had problems before,
I thought I just didn't have one.
Well, they usually don't come out
until you're a teenager,
but they could even wait
until you're in your 20s too.
Hmm, if we're being technical,
they are third molars.
I've heard it said that they don't come in
until you're wise about romance.
Ah.
Regardless, they can stay hidden
for a while without symptoms.
[gentle music]
-[dog barking in distance]
-[thudding]
Hwa-jeong, no one colors their nails
with balsam anymore.
They'll get a manicure.
A cook can't use nail polish,
'cause it could chip
and fall into the pot.
Ah.
But I like balsam better, anyway.
[Cho-hui] Wait, I know why.
You believe that story
that love will come true
if color last till the first snow?
-What's that, a sick joke?
-[Cho-hui chuckles]
You wanna do yours?
Probably not. Too old lady, huh?
[thudding]
No. I'll do it too.
[Cho-hui's mom] Cho-hui.
Uh…
Are you out of your mind?
-Your brother would beat you to death.
-Why are you here?
To criticize me some more?
You only took the thick comforter,
so I brought you summer sheets.
I wanted to check what you've been doing.
And you're at it all again, so…
What? I didn't do anything wrong.
[Cho-hui's mom] I'm not stupid.
I'm your mother. I know what you've done
from the look in your eye.
Lying to me won't solve anything.
You can't fool your mother.
Cho-hui, please. You need to try
and fix yourself. What's wrong with you?
If you keep this up, your brother…
he'll send you away
to a mental institution.
[Cho-hui] Mom!
I'm not crazy. I'm actually fine.
How is what I feel for someone,
liking someone so bad?
You're gone.
This is because of me. I messed you up.
-It's all my fault!
-Mom.
It's not your fault. It isn't.
It's not my fault either.
I don't know, Cho-hui.
Just don't throw your life away.
-[Cho-hui] Mom, please.
-Cho-hui, no.
[Cho-hui's mom sobbing]
-Please, Cho-hui.
-[both sobbing]
[Hye-jin] Ms. Yu?
Oh, sorry about that.
I just came in
because my other molar hurt.
Ah, that's 'cause
the wisdom tooth is pressing against
the other molar's roots.
There's a chance that the incoming tooth
will damage the other molar,
so it should be extracted.
-Wait, but are you sure?
-Fear of extraction is common.
With that said, I recommend
you be brave and get it out soon,
so you don't have to live with it
pretending that it doesn't hurt.
Ah.
[Du-sik sighs]
["Here Always"
by SEUNGMIN of Stray Kids playing]
YOON HYE-JIN
[Du-sik exhales deeply]
["Here Always" continues playing]
[sighs]
["Here Always" ends]
[birds chirping]
Mi-seon.
[giggles]
-What'd you think?
-You look stunning.
[giggles]
-Who's the designer?
-Hye-ji, quit it. Don't.
[gasps]
Officer Choi picked it on his own?
He's on trend.
I bet he saw it online.
You know, this isn't the first gift.
Is the dress expensive?
Yes, it's pricey. Good for you.
[sighs]
Really?
Eun-cheol probably doesn't make a lot.
I feel guilty.
[cheerful music]
These… These flowers,
they remind me of you.
Aw.
Whoa. I… I can't tell
where the flowers end and you start.
[clears throat]
Legend says if I give you shoes
you'll leave, so…
it's no gift. A hundred won, please.
Uh, I'd like if you wore this on you
almost every day and thought of me.
[sighs]
What's that about?
It's a purse for you.
I saw it and I thought,
I have to get that for Mi-seon.
I won't accept this one.
Huh?
Why?
Eun-cheol, it just seems a little wrong.
It's all been so much.
Mi-seon,
have I been coming out a bit too strong?
No, it's not like that.
It's just far too many.
You give me a gift every day,
even when there's no occasion.
No, you're wrong. There is an occasion.
The occasion is that
every day we're together…
is special for me.
Me too. Every day that I spend with you
is special to me too.
However,
I mean this part too.
It's the thought that really counts.
I get it. And I'll slow down on the gifts.
[chuckles]
[phone buzzing]
[exhales deeply]
Sorry, I need to take this,
but I'll be fast.
-[phone buzzing]
-[sighs]
-[door opens]
[door closes]
Oh, boy.
Oh, no.
Such a pretty purse.
[squeals]
[gasps]
This is a nice bag.
F/W's newest collection, am I right?
-[chuckles]
-No way. Oh, it's gorgeous.
Yeah. Oh, you know
more about it than I do.
You're looking at the iconic DOS's stylist
famous around the world.
[chuckles]
-I really hope your dream come true.
-They have to.
Can I look at it just a little bit more?
-[Mi-seon] No.
-Oh, come on.
-Hand it over. No way.
-[Ju-ri] Just a little more.
-Ju-ri, no.
-Wait, wait. I have to see the inside.
-I don't think so. No.
-[Ju-ri] Please let me look.
What's taking so long?
[Eun-cheol] I'm afraid I can't.
After all those favors I've done for you?
I want five large ones at least.
You know how dangerous it'll be
if we get caught.
Okay. We meet at 9:00 p.m.
behind the market.
Sure.
[breathes heavily]
Is he taking bribes to pay
for everything he's getting me?
Oh, no. How else could he afford it all?
Oh, just when I think I found a good guy.
Oh, what to do?
What? Mi-seon, uh, you left the table?
Uh, I…
Eun-cheol, I want
to do a movie date tonight.
-Let's do 9:00 p.m.?
-Oh, uh…
[Eun-cheol sighs]
I really love to. I just can't today.
'Cause, see,
I'll be patrolling town all night.
Tomorrow. What about…
We could do tomorrow.
Mm. Okay.
[Eun-cheol] Okay.
Cho-hui.
Uh…
So, uh, I asked you to help me
with the cleaning today…
uh, to say I'm sorry
for making things odd.
I should have kept it all to myself.
I would love if you'd forget
that I said anything at all.
Okay.
Actually,
there is something
I wanted to talk to you about.
Huh? All right.
When I came back after being away,
I couldn't believe what I heard about you.
That you divorced her.
Uh…
How embarrassing. It was my fault.
I thought if anyone could be
happy forever, it was you two.
In harmony,
trading roe for fish eyes.
I still can't believe it.
[server] Enjoy.
Thank you.
[Yeong-guk chuckles]
So, lucky Cho-hui gets the middle slice.
Looks good.
[Cho-hui] Thank you very much.
So, Hwa-jeong next… There you go.
Yeong-guk, Hwa-jeong should get
a good piece too.
Hwa-jeong, take mine.
-Oh, no!
-[slurping]
[Yeong-guk] Fish eyes
are her favorite part, you know.
I… I can barely look at them.
I can't eat them.
-Hey. I'll have yours too.
-[cutlery clanks]
Oh, no. My eyes! Oh, no!
Eat your own eyes.
You can't have mine. Oh, no!
An Oscar-winning actor.
Okay, trade me for a roe.
You like fish eyes and not roe?
Oh, roe's too dry.
A fish eye, it has flavor and texture.
I say it's way better.
Aah, I accept your gross deal.
Ah, a satisfying trade.
[gentle music]
[Cho-hui] You didn't know,
but I've always wanted
a relationship like you had.
[Yeong-guk] What?
[Cho-hui] You two made it seem like
it could be possible.
I thought I'll never feel lonely
if my person's like that.
Aah…
I didn't know.
I took her for granted.
I didn't know…
how special and rare it was.
[soft chuckle]
It's amusing, you know?
People don't know how they feel
until the person's too far away.
So don't…
give up again or let her go.
Sincerely, I hope you find
your way back to each other. I do.
I think I messed up pretty big.
She wouldn't want me.
For real?
I'm know she wants to hear from you
and not just your sorries.
[gentle music continues]
I have to get my wisdom teeth
taken out soon.
I'm scared since people say
it's pretty painful.
So I'll be brave. I've got to.
And if I can be brave,
you definitely can. Okay?
Thanks for the pep talk.
[chuckles]
[Yeong-guk chuckles]
[sighs]
[rustling]
Here, I can get it for you.
It's all right. I'm good.
Mi-seon's got a date tonight,
so I came by myself.
[rustling]
Remember though, we're still on our break.
Chief Hong, do you have
something to say at all?
[somber music]
[sighs]
[suspenseful music]
Come on, it's almost nine.
Why can't I see?
Ah, damn sunglasses.
[Mi-seon gasps]
-My gosh.
-You want to check it yourself?
Come on. Of course, I do.
-[man] This isn't our first rodeo.
-Is that what I think it could be?
[man] I'll pay first.
-[gasps]
-[Eun-cheol] It's all there.
-I'm gonna open it.
-Oh, no.
Eun-cheol, don't do it.
Don't! Don't do it!
Eun-cheol, you can't!
You can't! No, you can't!
-Don't do it, you can't.
-Oh, what the hell?
-What on earth are you doing?
-Mi-seon, why are you here?
Eun-cheol, don't do it.
Are you selling illegal firearms?
You're a… You're a police officer.
No, look, look… It's just a--
-Stop, it's not--
-I've been shot!
-[Eun-cheol] No, no.
Mi-seon, it's a toy. It's only a toy.
It can't shoot. It can't fire.
I… I promise you.
-[Mi-seon] It's a toy?
-Yeah.
-Not a gun?
-[Eun-cheol] Yes.
-So I'm not shot?
-No, you're not shot.
A toy gun… What are you doing with it?
It's for sale. Gently played with.
Huh?
I've been selling things
from my collection.
I like military history.
And I like it too.
[exhales deeply]
He does.
-[quirky music]
-[sighs]
My gosh.
It… It's a pretty close likeness.
[Eun-cheol] I'd like to apologize
for alarming you.
I wasn't expecting lies from you.
You could have just told me
what was going on.
It was embarrassing for me.
I want to give you the world.
Everything I can.
Everything just adds up.
But I'm not saying that I'm poor,
and that I don't have any money.
I save about 70 percent of my paychecks.
I have great insurance too.
And I have an account for a down payment.
I do too.
What?
I have all that too.
Makes sense 'cause I'm older than you are,
and I've been in the workforce longer.
Hm, savings have grown slowly.
And I've got a CMA account too.
Ah, good for you.
Eun-cheol.
You know the song that goes like,
uh, "Write Love with a Pencil",
you know that one?
I don't.
[Mi-seon] Ah… well, that makes sense.
You're too young.
Anyway, there's a song
that goes like that.
The singer says that
she writes her love in a pencil
because who knows how it will go.
So let's write in ink.
Huh?
I think we should only date
if we're headed for marriage.
Mi-seon.
Marriage has actually
always been the plan.
[cheeky bright music]
[Mi-seon chuckles]
I know I'm majorly jumping the gun
and thinking ahead,
but I want two kids. Just two
and we'll raise them really well.
"Procreating without planning
will condemn you to poverty."
[chuckles]
Haven't heard that one?
It was the slogan for birth control policy
in the '60s from the government.
I haven't heard it before. Honestly,
there's only one thing on my mind.
What is it?
I'd like to…
-I'll jump right to the point.
-Hm?
[romantic music]
Why has it been
so damn hard to reach her today?
[grunts]
What the heck?
She's never closed up this early.
Hmm… Hm?
HWAJEONG RAW FISH RESTAURANT
What the…
Hm…
[door closes]
[Nam-suk scoffs]
What's up?
-[Hwa-jeong chuckles]
-You're all alone?
[chuckles]
[Nam-suk] What?
Oh, boy. You okay?
I have an extra glass if you're gonna sit.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
[gasps]
The only way you'd speak like that
is if you were completely wasted.
[gasps]
I've never seen it.
[squeals]
Did you drink the whole thing
by yourself? Uh-oh.
Oh…
[groaning sigh]
It seems that I can't hold
my liquor like I used to.
Oh, jeez.
[gasps]
Oh…
[groans]
That's good.
If you need someone to drink with you,
you should've called me.
What's happening here?
a sad, little pity party?
Ha!
Filling yourself is bad luck.
[Hwa-jeong] Mm.
You wanna talk about it?
The rain, the snow,
not even a divorce, yeah,
could make you close things up early.
You're right. I should have
closed early for the divorce.
Why do I do it all?
Why did I work so hard?
Imagine how overdue
this break really is for your body.
Ah.
Your body recovers after rest…
Your heart never does, I don't think.
My wound worsened and my heart's rotted.
[inhales sharply]
So I feel mushy inside.
-So…
-[glass thuds]
[clicks tongue]
…you still have feelings
for Yeong-guk, don't you?
[sighs]
Why? You gonna tell
the whole town about it or what?
Jeez. Who do you think I am?
I may not seem like it,
but I'm your friend.
-Hm?
-Mm.
Also, I didn't forget when you
helped me through all
my rough stuff from way back.
Nam-suk, that wasn't anything.
Oh, please.
I don't understand you. Huh?
What's going on inside your head?
It's not your fault.
-[glass thuds]
-This isn't normal, you know?
He took care of me
at my worst when I was down.
It was when my mom was ill.
[Nam-suk] Oh.
[Hwa-jeong] Things that should have been
simple were overwhelming.
And not a day went by
that I didn't want to run away.
Then one day,
I went to see her at the hospital…
I bet that feels nice.
-[Hwa-jeong] Yeong-guk was there.
-Right?
It's not too hot, is it?
[Hwa-jeong] My mom
hadn't been able to shower,
and he was there, helping her
get cleaned with a washcloth
with a smile on his face.
[Hwa-jeong sighs]
That brought a smile to my mom's face too.
[Hwa-jeong breathes deeply]
She was in a lot of pain.
She was crying all the time.
But thanks to Yeong-guk,
she was laughing like she used to
before she got sick.
[Hwa-jeong sighs deeply]
Back then, she was too depressed
to smile when I saw her.
[Yeong-guk laughs]
How beautiful.
She's gorgeous beyond compare.
I hope that you feel a little better. Huh?
[Hwa-jeong] From that day on,
he went to see my mom at the hospital
every day as soon as he got off work.
Now, being the kind soul that he is,
he did it because he felt bad.
Jeez.
-[wine sloshing]
-And just like that, we were engaged.
And I held onto him. That there was
no way he could actually love me.
-Oh.
-[bottle thuds]
Over the years, I guess
I came to expect more of him.
It was my own greed that ruined it all.
You… You have to, uh…
stop putting him on a pedestal.
He's not Jesus, Buddha,
or some other gift from above, huh?
He's an adult who did
what he wanted. If you think
you tricked him into it all,
then you're… really not giving him credit.
He's shy but absolutely stubborn.
You were married for years, you know him.
That's enough. It's all done now.
[groans]
And Ms. Joo said
she'd set me up with a date.
Oh, no.
[chuckles]
-Come on, you're joking.
-[both laughing]
And Yeong-guk said
that I should go ahead with it.
The bastard just doesn't know.
So I'll do it. Then he'll see.
You and I both know you don't mean that.
[Nam-suk] For someone who brags
that she's so smart…
[sighs]
Hwa-jeong Yeo.
[Hwa-jeong groans]
-Hwa-jeong?
-[Hwa-jeong groans]
I miss him.
[Nam-suk] Yeong-guk, Hwa-jeong's
drinking at her restaurant
with the guy
she went on a blind date with,
and she's completely wasted.
-[panting]
-They're drinking alone?
That man, oh, some notary.
And when he touches her eyes,
well, I might go to jail!
Hwa-jeong! Damn that bastard.
I'm gonna kill him!
Where… Hwa-jeong?
[panting]
[Nam-suk] I lied.
Damn, Nam-suk!
[breathes heavily]
[Hwa-jeong groaning]
Oh, what the hell?
What's this? A dream?
No, you're awake.
So, why are you here then?
Ow. My head hurts.
You won't make it better. Leave me alone.
I have something to tell you.
-Don't tell me.
-Hey, hey! I have to say it.
Whatever. I don't care.
-I don't want you to go on the date.
-[sighs]
[gentle music]
I know you're drunk.
You don't know what you're saying.
I know I don't have the right to say that,
don't do it, please.
Lunatic.
[Yeong-guk] You're right. I am.
Doing that, I have to say one more thing.
Can…
Could you forgive me once?
[gentle music]
I know I messed everything up.
I dug my own grave.
What I did to you…
It was so wrong.
I'm sorry…
I hurt you so much…
thinking only of myself.
I know…
I could apologize for hundreds
of years and never be done.
I was gonna let you go
to punish myself for what I did.
And then…
[sighs, mutters]
I realized I could never.
We've been together since we were young…
I took it all.
I took you for granted.
But with distance, being far from you…
I realized my mistake.
I need you.
I'm truly sorry, Hwa-jeong.
Could we…
Could we start everything over
from the beginning?
I have some work to do.
I've been a real idiot.
Everyone but me saw what I had.
Yeah!
[breathes heavily]
-You're an asshole.
-[slaps]
[Hwa-jeong sobs]
Who needs 15 years to love their wife?
Get out.
[Hwa-jeong sobs]
Get out! Get out! Get out!
[whimpers]
[both crying]
I'm sorry, Hwa-jeong. I'll make it up
to you, I'll never leave your side.
I'll treat you right
from now on. Hwa-jeong.
[both wailing]
[Yeong-guk] Hwa-jeong,
I'll treat you right.
HWAJEONG RAW FISH RESTAURANT
[Seong-hyeon sighs]
So busy.
Hello.
-Do-ha!
-Oh, hey.
What'd you doing?
Going to the store.
Ms. Wang needs some stuff.
I'm gonna grab the car and go,
Mm-hm. I'll go, okay?
Tell me what you need.
No, no. No way. What are they gonna think
if I pass this off to my boss?
Before I change my mind, what do you want?
[Do-ha] Okay, well…
A new pot and spatula
because JUNE burned ours.
A pot… spatula…
And bottled water.
And water.
[Do-ha] And eggs.
[Seong-hyeon] Eggs.
By the way, I heard that Chief Hong
and Dr. Yoon had a falling out.
Chief Hong… What? Who said so?
Mr. Choi at Chung-ho Hardware,
Mr. Oh Yoon,
Ms. Cho at the Gongjin
Korean-Chinese Restaurant,
-and, oh, there was…
-[sighs]
Wait, you're going?
We need more green onions too.
And ice cream!
Knock, knock, knock. Hey there!
What can I do for you?
Not much. Why are you sweeping
a yard that's already clean?
Is it because moving around
helps you sort your thoughts?
-I don't need that, dude.
-It's not my business,
but a little bird told me
that you and Hye-jin fought.
[scoffs]
I have sikhye, you want some?
[sighs]
[Seong-hyeon] Thanks for the food.
Well, you can't tease me
when your mouth is full.
I'm not here to tease you.
You've got to fix it.
I knew I should have thrown you out
instead of giving you food and a drink.
If you don't stop being stubborn,
then I gave her up for nothing.
[clicks tongue, sighs]
What am I supposed to say to that?
Uh-huh. You have nothing to say
because you know there's no excuse.
What did you do?
We didn't argue.
So?
Well, I…
just not as good as she is. She's so…
Transparent,
always honest, full of courage…
[clicks tongue]
I'm not any of that.
Hold on. So that means you're deceptive,
dishonest, and cowardly?
Hey, relax, buddy. Hold there.
I'm giving you a bad time.
[sighs]
If what you're saying is true,
then it's an easy fix.
You can be just as transparent,
and honest, and courageous.
It's not as simple as saying it out loud.
I really mean it.
Look. I might not know
what hand you're holding,
but I know you should lay
all your cards out.
Relationships aren't a poker game
where you bluff and make bets.
It'll be better if you're honest.
She does know who you are.
You gotta show your hands
and then it's her move.
What if she thinks I'm awful?
No way. She'll accept you
and whatever else.
Hye-jin is just like that.
It sounds like you know Hye-jin
better than I know her.
[Seong-hyeon] Hey.
Not a single person in the world right now
knows her better than you do.
All right?
[exhaled deeply]
Do-ha was already set to drive.
Why do you cut in?
Director Ji?
-Director Ji?
-Huh?
What'd you say?
What were you thinking about?
You're so spacy.
Oh, I… I met with Chief Hong earlier.
He and Hye-jin have rough waters.
I'm just worried
that they're fighting already.
[sighs]
With everything on set, how do you have
time to think about that?
There are so many other things.
Hm?
Especially when you have
to heal your own heart,
and you're wasting time
stressing about another couple's quarrel?
-Huh?
-What about your heart?
I know it still hurts.
You're still not over her.
Well…
No. My heart's fine.
Well, how?
Uh…
I am better now than I've ever been.
I'm great now that I think about it.
Oh, yeah?
I guess I'm relieved then.
[soft music]
-[horn honks]
-[both gasp]
Are you blind? You have to keep
your eyes on the road. My God!
-Oh, my bad, my bad, my bad.
-You could have killed us both.
-That's scary!
-Where are the hazards? Oh, sorry. My bad.
[birds chirping]
[sighs]
[line rings]
[phone rings]
[gasps]
Hi, Hye-jin.
Why did you send me so much food?
[laughs]
It's for you to share with your boyfriend.
It's warm today so refrigerate
the green onion kimchi.
Hey, I wanna talk to her.
Hye-jin, I think your father
has something to say.
[Hye-jin] Okay.
Hye-jin, you there?
Hey, Dad. What was it you wanted to say?
Well, honestly, it's not a big deal.
Could you pass some news to your friend?
Tell him my plants are really growing.
I think we'll get
a full bloom next spring.
[Tae-hwa chuckles]
And bring him when you visit us next,
when work gets slow.
I get to treat you to a meal this time.
[Tae-hwa chuckles]
Hye-jin, are you still there?
Yes. Yeah.
Come on. Let her go so she can relax.
Oh, yeah. You just relax.
Bye, Dad.
[phone beeps]
[sighs]
["Be the Light" by Kim Jae Hwan playing]
[Hwa-jeong] Ever when he was a kid,
he was so mature.
He learned to repress
his feelings all the time,
so he doesn't know
how to open up to people.
It was my fault…
that Grandfather died.
If only I hadn't gone out…
I had to see the World Cup.
[Hwa-jeong] For a long time,
he hasn't had anyone
that he could share his pain with.
I believe that you can be his rock,
someone he opens up to.
[sighs]
["Be the Light" by Kim Jae Hwan playing]
Jeong-u…
What's going on? I'm here.
[Du-sik] What…
What are you doing?
I've never done this before
so it might not be right.
Since it's your grandfather's memorial.
Jeong-u…
Did I do it right?
Don't get emotional over me.
Well, then you missed the simplest rule.
Red is east, white is west.
Ah, I see. I see. Okay, it's time for us
to greet your grandfather.
[Du-sik sighs]
[soft music]
Hello, sir. I'm Park Jeong-u.
Nice to meet you.
I go to school with Du-sik,
and he is like a little brother to me.
I'll take care of him
when he serves in the military.
And I'll make sure he gets married,
so don't you worry.
Kindly watch over us all.
[breathing heavily]
[tranquil music]
Tears?
Uh, no. It's nothing.
-You're crying.
-I'm not.
-No, I see it.
-I had some dust get in my eye just now.
-You seem sad.
-I said it's dust! I'm not crying.
-[laughs]
-[Du-sik] Damn it.
-[Du-sik clicks tongue]
-[laughter continues]
[Jeong-u] Where are you going?
I feel so awkward. This is my first suit.
Seon-a, what do you think? How do I look?
Oh. All grown up. Look at you.
-[chuckles]
-[Seon-a] Really.
Love, come see.
[Jeong-u] Du-sik.
-Why'd you bring a suit from home?
-Aah.
I mean, it has your name on it.
[Du-sik scoffs]
Ha-ha. Yeah, right.
How much is it?
-[gasps]
-[Jeong-u chuckles]
It's a lot. A lot.
-I can't. It's okay--
-Listen, listen.
This is not expensive for me.
I need you to look sharp interning for me.
It's my firm, I should give you a suit.
I can't. It's still too much though.
Well, okay. When you first get paid
as a full-time employee,
you can get me a good fishing bowl.
That will do.
You've got to be kidding me.
Watch out,
he'll extort you for fishing gear.
Sounds good. I really think
I'll be a full-time employee before long.
Well done! Du-sik says he'll show me
great fishing spot in Gongjin.
-She said that the fish bites in seconds.
-[Seon-a] Oh.
Black pig's home?
No, the black porgy's home.
Black porgy! Black porgy.
I'll catch them for you.
Remembering the name is step one.
[somber music]
How dare you come here.
How dare you show your face!
-Seon-a, I'm sorry.
-[Ha-rang crying]
[Seon-a] You're sorry?
If you're that sorry,
bring Jeong-u back to me.
Bring him back. Bring him home.
Bring him back to me!
I'm sorry.
He was always a good man,
so why did he have to go?
-Why?
-[Ha-rang crying]
It should've been you.
It should've been you instead…
then he'd be here.
[sobbing]
I'm sorry.
[Ha-rang crying]
-[Seon-a sobbing]
-I'm so sorry.
[Du-sik] I'm sorry.
[sniffles]
[somber music continues]
[exhales deeply]
[sniffles]
[knocking on door]
I'd like to come in if it's okay.
[Ji-won sighs]
Still no coffee, huh?
[Ji-won] Eh, it's too late.
Just one more shoot and we're done.
I'll skip an all-nighter when I can.
[exhales deeply]
[chuckles]
Look at me.
Hey, there. Who said you could lower
the fences without clearance?
Ji-won,
I've been thinking a lot about
everything you said the other day.
I'll give you 2,000 more
than whatever they offer.
Okay, hardball. Since I'm generous, 5,000.
So all you could think of was, "What's
your price? I'll do you one better."
-Excuse me, you're stealing my line.
-[scoffs]
You should be saying, "Handsome man,
I need to know your highest offer.
-You know I'm desperately poor."
-I think you got heatstroke.
Yeah, we can't do Autumn in My Heart
since we're in the middle of summer.
Do-ha told me you haven't signed anything.
What of it?
After our talk, I thought I was okay
with letting you go.
But Director Ji without Ji-won?
[sighs]
I can't even imagine that.
[bright music]
There's still so much for us
to make together.
Come on. We agreed to do a summer
mystery horror special a while ago.
-Remember that?
-Sadly.
I guess, The Red Mask, Hong Kong Granny,
and the ghost puppet.
And then just be the ghosts
that terrorized us as kids.
That's it. You've got everything.
Yeah, and I'd sell the idea
to literally anybody.
Fine. It's all yours, huh?
Is that easy? You could sue me
if you wanted it back.
Hm, I don't care.
We'll do it anyway, you know?
How so?
I decided the other day,
it's not over until it's over.
So I'm humbling myself.
Add my name to the list of candidates who
are courting you and who love your work.
Here.
I hope things turn out for the best,
Wang Ji-won, the writer.
[bright music]
[chuckles]
Oh. Damn, that's hot!
[Hye-jin] I came here…
because my mom sent
extra food for you too.
The green onion kimchi
should be refrigerated.
It will go bad in the heat.
Oh, thank her on my behalf.
Also, I decided something about us.
Oh?
Chief Hong, I'm terrible at waiting.
-Mm-hm.
-I chose to move to Gongjin after
considering it all for less than a day.
I knew that.
I hate not knowing how things will go.
When things are vague,
I can't stop thinking about them.
What I decided is…
Even though it's hard right now,
if you can promise me
that someday, eventually,
you'll open up to me,
you can take as long as you need.
[gentle music]
I can wait. You don't have
to say anything right now.
I just need to know that…
you will someday.
I wanna know that I am on your mind
when you think of the future.
I'd like that.
Am I there when you're thinking of it?
That's all I need to know right now.
I see you in my future, but, um--
That was all I needed.
Everything else can wait…
as long as we both want this relationship.
We're good then. I can wait.
Hye-jin.
I know what I want, for sure,
but you can have some time
to think about it.
Let's call off the break, okay?
Think while we're out on dates,
while you decide we'll be together.
Just don't leave me
waiting too long, please.
[gentle music continues]
[chuckles softly]
-It's very good.
-Mm-hm.
-Yeah.
-That's great.
Is that Ms. Gam-ri's sikhye?
-Sure is. Yeah.
-Uh.
Okay.
-Cut! Everyone, that was wonderful.
-[applause]
Good job, everyone.
[all cheering]
-Thank you.
-Good job, guys.
-Good job, Director Ji.
-Good job.
Good job.
Great work, really.
Chief Hong, thank you so much.
I barely did anything for you.
Are you kidding?
The location, props and the casting.
We couldn't have done it
without your advice.
You made it what it is. Thanks for that.
Uh, your gratitude is giving me allergies.
This guy.
Chief Hong, I've got to say
thank you as well.
The medicine you gave me, it helped
my dad get his energy back, so thank you.
That's good. I can give you more
if you need it.
Oh, you've done a lot.
I'll remember what you did for us.
Ah, it was nothing. I'm just happy
he's feeling better. You know that.
Nonchalantly helpful.
Du-sik, you're the best.
[clicks tongue, sighs]
-You two are close.
-[phone buzzing]
Oh, Ms. Gam-ri.
What? A pot?
-[Du-sik] Ms. Gam-ri!
-Ah.
What are you doing?
I said I'd bring it over for you.
Well, I took a walk because I was getting
bored waiting and wound up here.
Of course, you did.
What'd you need the pot for?
-Well, I heard about the after-party.
-Uh.
So for me to cook, I thought it had to be
yukgaejang for the crew and everyone,
but I was getting some help
from Mat-i and she dozed off
and burned everything in the stock pot.
How could she do
something like this to me?
-[chuckles] So new batch, huh?
-Uh-huh. It won't take long.
Ah.
[clicks tongue]
That decides it.
Since it's so hot today,
you need to save your energy.
-I'll carry you. Here.
-[sighs]
You're not a pony. Why would you carry me
when my ankle is fine?
I'm gonna walk home.
Come on. You get a piggyback ride.
Oh. So then I guess I should go ahead
and spur you like a horse.
-I think the word is "giddy-up".
-[Gam-ri] Just walk with me.
[Du-sik grunts]
[Gam-ri] Let's go.
-[Du-sik] At least let me carry the pot.
-[Gam-ri] Mm.
-Uh, Du-sik.
-[Du-sik] Yes?
[Gam-ri] You and the doctor
had an argument, right?
Ah, everyone in Gongjin
knows about it then.
Even the stray dog gave me a look.
Apologize. Hug her
and admit that you were wrong.
Women like that get tired
of waiting for you,
and then they'll go find someone new.
A good relationship is hard to come by.
Some never find one.
You have to fight to keep yours.
[gentle music]
Du-sik.
I love that you now have
Dr. Yoon in your life.
How you'll do anything you can
to help others is wonderful,
but you need to help yourself too.
Take your time
and eat good food and be happy.
Seeing you happy is good for me,
and it's good for Dr. Yoon as well.
I'm sure everyone in Gongjin
is thinking exactly the same thing.
Granny,
am I selfish if I do that, though?
Of course, you're not. Don't be silly.
You deserve a rest.
I know these past few years
haven't been easy.
Don't worry about…
anyone but yourself.
[gentle music continues]
[phone buzzing]
Oh, it's good to hear from you.
[woman] Yeah, it's been a while.
How are you doing?
How's the school?
[woman] Well, there's nothing new.
You've been up to something, though.
I heard you moved to a small town.
Yeah, life is strange, right?
Well, there's a reason you called.
You never call me
just to check in and chitchat.
I always like that you cut to the chase.
I want you to come to Seoul.
Huh? That's sudden.
[woman] A clinical professor job
opened up,
and I thought I'd be perfect for you.
[pensive music]
Ah.
Let's go.
Mm-hm.
[light cheerful music]
[indistinct chatter]
[Nam-suk] Goodness.
-Here you go.
-[Mat-i] Come on,
we're going to need more.
It's yukgaejang, I made it.
Thank you very much.
Yeah, when you leave,
you'll forget us, but in the afterlife,
we'll meet again.
Oh. I'll visit as long as you cook.
I mean, you don't want me to?
Uh, of course, I do!
I really, really do.
You're always welcome.
[chuckles]
Okay.
Nam-suk, could you fetch us some
bowls of yukgaejang?
-Sure thing.
-Over there.
-All right.
-It's coming.
Yukgaejang. Yukgaejang.
[light cheerful music]
For you.
[clears throat]
Yukgaejang for you too?
-Yeah, yeah.
-No, thanks.
-Thank you.
-[chuckles]
Don't make it obvious.
-What?
-Huh?
I have no, really,
no idea what you're talking about.
[Nam-suk] As if. Remember that night?
You two got back together.
All thanks to me.
My little lie.
[laughs]
Everything worked out
for the best because I told that lie.
Do I remember you like shrimp?
-Yeah, I love shrimp.
-This is for you then.
Oh. It's hot!
You should be nicer to me now.
The hell are you saying now?
[grunts]
Hot! Hot!
You should have warned me it was hot.
It's deep-fried. It's deep-fried.
Your heart's hot
'cause it's been deep-fried with love.
She'd make a great
K-pop idol singer too, you know?
[Seong-hyeon] Hye-jin. Hey.
Hey, Seong-hyeon.
Director. You should get eating.
-Thanks for coming out.
-I should be thanking you.
All because of your show,
the whole town of Gongjin perked up,
and everyone had so much fun.
Yeah, she's right.
[chuckles]
Well, I'm grateful we helped a bit.
-I… I get it. I should leave you two.
-[chuckles]
I'm not that dense, you know.
[chuckles]
[Mi-seon] Oh, hey.
I'm glad I can talk with you.
Me too.
It feels good to have
a little closure, you know.
[Yeong-guk] Hey, hey, hey, everyone.
It seems like the right time to hear
a few words
from the genius himself. Director Ji.
[crowd cheering]
-Whoo!
-Come on. Go on!
Hey! What a handsome baby face!
Whoo!
Um, this is super embarrassing.
With that said, thanks to you
and your generosity
our work was smooth and we had fun.
Your smiles and encouragement,
when we were low,
I'll never forget
everything you've done for us.
And remember to watch when it airs.
Thanks, everyone.
[crowd cheering]
Director Ji! While you're up there,
sing us a song!
-[Suk-ja] It's an after-party.
-Oh, no. No, no, no.
Suk-ja, no. You just don't know
when to shut up.
I don't think so. Sing a song!
Everyone came all this way.
Wait, hang on. No, no, no, no.
-Sing us a song.
-No, you really don't wanna hear me sing.
[all] ♪ Sing for us! ♪
-♪ Don't sing and you'll stay single ♪
[Eun-cheol] You poor soul.
-♪ One, two, one, two ♪
-♪ One, two, three, four! ♪
-Fine, I'll do it.
But, remember I'm not a singer
so we'll keep it brief, all right, guys?
[crowd cheering]
[Seong-hyeon exhales deeply]
[in Korean]
♪ It takes new love ♪
♪ To forget about an old one ♪
♪ We seem to be on the right track ♪
♪ I don't have any regrets ♪
♪ Trust our laughter ♪
♪ Let's stop being sorry ♪
♪ It's all in the past ♪
♪ Whoever brought the pain ♪
♪ You remain as the song ♪
♪ That brings me helplessly to tears ♪
♪ I believed it would be momentary ♪
♪ When I tossed and turned
Unable to sleep ♪
♪ You reached out and held my hand ♪
♪ Someone new entered my life ♪
♪ Let it stay this way ♪
♪ La la la la la la ♪
[Mi-seon] All right. Wow!
[crowd cheering, applause]
-[Suk-ja] That wasn't any good.
-[Gam-ri laughs]
[Gam-ri] Gosh.
Can we talk somewhere?
Mm-hm.
[wind blowing]
[Hye-jin] Chief Hong.
Why come all this way just to talk, huh?
Hye-jin, would you come over
when the after-party is done?
We hide here so you could ask me that?
Hm-mm, there's something
I have to tell you.
It will be a really long story.
Do you still wanna hear it?
Mm-hm. I want to.
You could talk all night.
Tomorrow's Sunday, right?
I don't have to go into the clinic.
Uh, and also, I have something to say too.
Okay. We'll talk then. About everything.
Mm.
[soft music]
-Where did they go?
-[Suk-ja] Who?
[Geum-cheol] Huh?
Did Chief Hong and Dr. Yoon leave already?
Yeah, they went somewhere earlier.
Bo-ra, those things are secret.
-[Bo-ra] Be quiet, would ya?
-[gasps]
[laughter]
He's right, Bo-ra.
It's best not to say
when you see adults up to something.
[Yeong-guk chuckles]
Well, at least that means
they're on good terms again.
I think so. And I'm so happy.
[chuckles]
I knew it, you know.
Anyone can tell they're in love.
Exactly. He used to say,
"There's Ms. Dentist"
with the saddest look on his face.
Now he calls her, "Hye-jin. Hye-jin."
[giggles]
[Geum-cheol] It's cute,
but I can only take so much.
[laughter]
Hye-jin still calls him Chief Hong still,
she never uses his real name ever.
-Huh?
-[Mi-seon] Yeah.
It must've been a habit
she picked up from all of us.
Or it's a choice. Maybe his name
is just too dowdy for her to say.
I've always told him he needs
to change his name. That's what I said.
Take me, Oh Yoon for instance.
How perfect is that?
I was surprised when I heard his name too.
It didn't match his looks.
It was surprising.
Really? What's his name, anyway?
Chief Hong's name?
[indistinct chatter]
-[Ji-won] Right here.
-[Seong-hyeon] You seem much better.
[Chun-jae] What's all this glass, huh?
Fine, let me clear it instead.
[indistinct chatter]
[Do-ha] Chief Hong,
is your name Hong Du-sik?
Yeah, it is.
You worked at YK Asset Management?
[dramatic music]
You know Kim Gi-hun?
[Gi-hun] Hi, Mr. Hong. Good morning.
Yes, hello. Good morning to you too.
It's warm today. This is for you.
[Gi-hun] You don't have
to give me one every time.
No, it was buy-one-get-one, so.
Who am I to refuse a deal, am I right?
Some places have buy-two-get-one deals.
If that's the case,
you're just buying me another?
No. The store by me has
a different promotion, so…
Hope you like it.
Thank you!
[Du-sik] Don't mention it.
[Do-ha] Well, my father
has been really ill.
He's paraplegic.
I heard those beans help blood flow
and paralysis,
so I bought some.
You know him, don't you?
Hong Du-sik, you bastard!
[grunts]
[crowd gasping]
[woman] What's going on?
[staff] Chief Hong?
-What?
-[woman] What happened? Du-sik.
[Ji-won] What the hell?
[sighs]
[dramatic music]
DU-SIK AND HYE-JIN'S BUCKET LIST
[breathes deeply]
-[pen clicks]
-[scribbes]
6. MAKE YOU HAPPY
[gentle music]
["I Hope You're Happy"
by Lee Sang Yi playing]
[Du-sik] Be happy with you
for a very long time.
["I Hope You're Happy"
by Lee Sang Yi continues playing]
Don't follow me.
I'm just worried about you.
I did it to Do-ha's father. I did.
I don't know what's going on anymore.
I really don't know.
Sir, hold on. Wait and trust me, okay?
[woman sobbing]
[Gi-hun] Mr. Hong.
[Hye-jin] It must've been so hard for you.
You must've buried
all of the pain so deeply.
You've been holding on to such a burden.
I'm sorry for everything.
I'm sorry.
-[horn honking]
-[tires screeching]
["I Hope You're Happy"
by Lee Sang Yi ends]